So in the implementation, let us first define the size
of a size as six.
Now create the array named as stack of size size which
is already defined as six.
Now set top1 as -1 for the first stack
and set top2 as size for the second stack
Now let us define push1 we have to pass
the value to be pushed into the function
First check if stack is full
check if top1 equal to top2-1
then just return
else increment top1
And then add the value at stack[top1]
So write stack[++top1] equal to val
So push1 operation is completed
Now let's define
pop for stack1. First check
If stack is empty.
So write if top1 equal to -1 then
return -1 as deletion is not possible
else return stack[top1] and then decrement top1.
So write return stack[top1--]
stack1 operations are defined
Now let us define push and pop for stack2
So let us first define
push for stack2
check
if top1 equal to top2-1 then
stack is full
So insertion is not possible
so just return from the function
else decrement top2 and then add the value at
stack[top2]
So write stack[--top2]
equal to val
Now define
pop for stack2 first check if stack is empty
So write if top2 equal to size, then return -1
else return element at top2 and then
increment top2. So write return stack[top2++]
So all the operations are now defined.
We have implemented to stacks in a single array efficiently